// What is Computer ?
// Computer is a machine that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically via computer programming.  Modern computers have the ability to follow generalized sets of operations, called programs. These programs enable computers to perform an extremely wide range of tasks.
// A "complete" computer including the hardware, the operating system (main software), and peripheral equipment required and used for "full" operation can be referred to as a computer system. This term may as well be used for a group of computers that are connected and work together, in particular a computer network or computer cluster.
// Computers process data in the form of numbers, letters, images, videos, and other types of information. Computers are used as control systems for a very wide variety of industrial and consumer devices. This includes simple special purpose devices like microwave ovens and remote controls, factory devices such as industrial robots and computer-aided design, and also general purpose devices like personal computers and mobile devices such as smartphones.

// What is a Computer Program ?
// A computer program is a collection of instructions that performs a specific task when executed by a computer. A computer requires programs to function, and typically executes the programs instructions in a processing unit. A computer program is written by a computer programmer in a programming language. From the program in its human-readable form of source code, a compiler can derive machine code—a form consisting of instructions that the computer can directly execute. Alternatively, a program may be executed with the aid of an interpreter. A collection of programs, libraries and related data are referred to as software. Computer programs may be categorized along functional lines, e.g. by the application domain to which they belong, e.g. word processors, web browsers, and games, or by the type of computation they perform, e.g. numerical algorithms or machine learning algorithms.

// What is a Computer Programing Language ?
// A computer programming language is a formal language that specifies a set of instructions that can be used to produce various kinds of output. Programming languages generally consist of instructions for computers. There are many programming languages in existence, and each has at least one implementation, each of which consists of its own set of programming tools. Most programming languages consist of instructions for computers. There are many programming languages in existence, and each has at least one implementation, each of which consists of its own set of programming tools. Most programming languages consist of instructions for computers. There are many programming languages in existence, and each has at least one implementation, each of which consists of its own set of programming tools.

// History of Computer 
// The history of computers is generally told in terms of generations. A generation is a period of time in which a particular type of computer architecture dominated the market. The first generation of computers was the vacuum tube era, which lasted from the 1940s to the 1960s. The second generation of computers was the transistor era, which lasted from the early 1960s to the early 1970s. The third generation of computers was the integrated circuit era, which lasted from the early 1970s to the early 1980s. The fourth generation of computers was the microprocessor era, which began in the early 1980s and continues to the present day. The fifth generation of computers is the era of quantum computing, which is expected to begin in the 2020s.

// What is a Computer System ?
// A computer system is a complete set of computer hardware and software components that work together to perform tasks. A computer system consists of a computer, a monitor, a keyboard, a mouse, and a power cord. The computer system is the hardware and software that make up the computer. The computer system is the hardware and software that make up the computer. The computer system is the hardware and software that make up the computer. The computer system is the hardware and software that make up the computer.

// What is a Computer Hardware ?
// Computer hardware is the collection of physical elements that constitute a computer system. Computer hardware includes the computer case, central processing unit (CPU), monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphics card, sound card, speakers and motherboard. By contrast, software is instructions that can be stored and run by hardware. Hardware is the physical parts of a computer, such as the monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphics card, sound card, speakers and motherboard. By contrast, software is instructions that can be stored and run by hardware. Hardware is the physical parts of a computer, such as the monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphics card, sound card, speakers and motherboard. By contrast, software is instructions that can be stored and run by hardware.

    

